CAM-11283 - Custom Event Timeout (#2804)
CenturyLinkCloud/PublicKB: Cloud Application Manager/Automating Deployments/script-box.md

> 

Reviewer: Please, update date and include you in author (you can keep previous by adding: `and <your_name>`)

> **In this article:**

Reviewer: Please, update date and include you in author (you can keep previous by adding: `and <your_name>`)

> - [Overview](#Overview)

Reviewer: Please, leave "*" bullet points and lowercase links (ask Denes how to do it)

The easiest way to understand script boxes is to build one. Follow this tutorial to build a simple box that says [Hello World](../Getting Started/getting-started-with-hello-world.md).

### Attach script-events to Script Box

> Script box allows to include scripts attached to different lifecycle events (install, configure, start, stop, dispose). These scripts can be edited using UI editor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Script boxes allow you to include scripts attached to the different lifecycle events (install, configure, start, stop, dispose). These scripts can be edited using UI editor. You can use any scripting language you prefer, as long as it is supported by the underlying instance you deploy the box to.
```

![Create script-event](../../images/cloud-application-manager/box-script/lifecycle-event1.png)

![Script editor](../../images/cloud-application-manager/box-script/lifecycle-event2.png)

> After editing and saving, script-event allows to set a custom timeout value. This value prevents the system to limit the execution of long-time scripts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you have finished editing and have saved your script, you can specify a custom timeout value in minutes for the script execution. Once you reach this value, it will trigger the abort action of the script execution. You can specify a timeout value for any script to add to the box.
```

![Add custom timeout](../../images/cloud-application-manager/box-script/lifecycle-event-timeout1.png)

> After saving, timeout value will be propagated to instance deployment operations. Values can be modified at instance level without affect the box used to deploy it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once defined, the timeout values will be propagated to all instances deployed through this box. Values in the instance can be later modified through the Lifecycle editor without affecting the box used to deploy it.
```
